README.md, before:

# lrc-file-parser

A lrc file parser based javascript

[demo](https://lyswhut.github.io/lrc-file-parser/dist/index.html)

## Installation

- Use npm install

```bash
# install
npm install lrc-file-parser -S
```

```js
// import
import Lyric from 'lrc-file-parser'
```

- Use script link

```html
<script src="./lrc-file-parser.min.js"></script>
```

## How to use

```js
var lrc = new Lyric({
  onPlay: function (line, text) { // Listening play event
    console.log(line, text) // line is line number of current play
                            // text is lyric text of current play line
  },
  onSetLyric: function (lines) { // listening lyrics seting event
    console.log(lines) // lines is array of all lyric text
  },
  offset: 150 // offset time(ms), default is 150 ms
})
lrc.setLyric(lyricStr, lyricTranslationStr) // set lyric, lyricStr is lyric file text, translationLyricStr is lyric translation file text (optional)
                      // note: Setting the lyrics will automatically pause the lyrics playback
lrc.play(30000) // play lyric, 30000 is curent play time, unit: ms
lrc.pause() // pause lyric
```

## LICENSE

MIT

Commit message:

update readme for isRemoveBlankLine option and add support for translate lines, too

README.md, after:

# lrc-file-parser

A lrc file parser based javascript

[demo](https://lyswhut.github.io/lrc-file-parser/dist/index.html)

## Installation

- Use npm install

```bash
# install
npm install lrc-file-parser -S
```

```js
// import
import Lyric from 'lrc-file-parser'
```

- Use script link

```html
<script src="./lrc-file-parser.min.js"></script>
```

## How to use

```js
var lrc = new Lyric({
  onPlay: function (line, text) { // Listening play event
    console.log(line, text) // line is line number of current play
                            // text is lyric text of current play line
  },
  onSetLyric: function (lines) { // listening lyrics seting event
    console.log(lines) // lines is array of all lyric text
  },
  offset: 150, // offset time(ms), default is 150 ms
  isRemoveBlankLine: true // whether to remove blank lyric lines, default is to remove(true)
})
lrc.setLyric(lyricStr, lyricTranslationStr) // set lyric, lyricStr is lyric file text, translationLyricStr is lyric translation file text (optional)
                      // note: Setting the lyrics will automatically pause the lyrics playback
lrc.play(30000) // play lyric, 30000 is curent play time, unit: ms
lrc.pause() // pause lyric
```

## LICENSE

MIT
